first of all what's been your best game
so far my best game so far I'll say the
Redskins I say it's a tie between the
Redskins in st. Louis game being able to
have two sacks and residents game warned
against breakout and down to kidnap and
his team and getting after him and
really winning that game it's huge
something I have a lot of enjoyment
doing and then as well as the st. Louis
game being able to blow them out of the
waters and tackle Steven Jackson a guy
here was a tough runner and it was just
giving him crap about it earlier he I
got interception against Bradford and I
was trying to take it back to the house
huh yeah I thought he was gonna go high
with Mimi went low on I wasn't gonna
mention that is it's all fun and games
and he said he was definitely not gonna
go high with me so i definitely
understand i wouldn't go out with him
either you soon as me double teams as
you expected me as though i think i've
got my I got in my fair share of without
a doubt and that's something that I
don't have a problem doing it by any
means if I can free up my other two
minutes allow them to make plays by
something I'm willing to do and I've
been able to beat double teams in
certain situations and you there's a lot
of ways you can counter react that and
being able to have a great line
at any point in time you're going to
have to double one of us inside the
other guy needs to go make a play and
that's what we've been able to do all
season seems like I mean the record
doesn't indicate your level of play
you've lost overly weird games talk
about that experience just keeping your
heads up and how coach Schwartz helps
with that how the veterans like Kyle
even on the sidelines with coaching what
that experience yeah we definitely had
some tough losses and wacky losses at
that but it's his experiences I'd rather
go through them now and really
understand be able to bounce back from
them because we have another hopefully
another great season of being able to be
all together and add some other great
pieces to the to the puzzle and not be
able to have to go through those boxes
again because we've learned from them
already because you can't take them back
you can only learn from them and not
allow them to happen again so that's
what we see and we know we have a lot of
great talent just a matter of finishing
it and visiting the games like we did
the flash game against cream but Green
Bay I've seen you I just already lined
out that 135 both flux and tackle and
you'll go inside and stuff like that how
important is it been for you to be in
that kind of multiple multiple fronts
where you can be as creative as your
talent allows you to be it's great that
our coaches trust us enough as a
defensive line to move around have a
bunch of packages where we're pretty
much interchangeable in all our
positions and really there's there's
sometimes we're we're standing up like
like linebacker so you never have that
trust from our coaches and and have that
leeway it allows teams to always be
guessing what we're going to do
which gives us that advantage of the
element of what's coming in and being
able to have that on our side instead of
being in one and a one and A three and
then a5 and a7 and being able to be
really telegraphic so it's great to be
in that situation and have that trust
from our coaches and we can continue to
feed off that and make plays but if you
touch me on the head with the NFL find
you fifteen thousand dollars I don't
know that you have to ask them that
question but can you I'm just going to
continue to plan IE referring to the jay
cutler hit and so forth but it's all
it's all something that we have to get
used to and something that we have to
grow from and understand what we did and
continue to play hard as i'm going to
continue to do for my teammates fans and
my coaches do you think with the play
and the preseason where you tackle
tackle you think that that land
the NFL to maybe keep a closer eye on
you
do you or do you just think that maybe
it's your style but to be honest you
that i have no clue i'm a very fast
that's a job during the five-day baby
yeah so with that me being able to be
blessed and be able to move fast around
like that big collisions are going to
have big big clues are going to happen
and they're going to look bad and they
may not look as bad as they may be but
me you just gotta roll with the punches
and understand the name of the game
they're trying to protect so so I'm not
going to fought them off
erring on the side of caution she's got
to bounce back and get ready for the
next book guys really have a couple more
minutes here to make sure everyone gets
questions beforehand and I gotta get you
guys
best individual matchup as far as
someone really impressed with as far as
an overall game we'll have our league
Anna sail down uh-huh I would say the
guy that I obviously respect the most
that I thought against an opportunist hi
Justin Green Bay right guard he's the
one that it's very patient and it
understands type of moves that that you
may want to do it against him I found
ways to beat him as well as find ways to
catch me in my rushes and so forth and
stop me so but he's one of those guys
that I definitely respect and
understands game and he said he's a
young guy at that I think he's only on
his fourth or fifth year right now fell
so I'm aside to go against him and
looking forward to going to get some
next year in the years to come talk
about
to have microphones
you guys play a lot of weight
keep pressure on the quarterback
yeah definitely helping us out with good
coverage in condos actually out now
pursues Tina's continue to be very very
consistent in its play as well as
Thatcher stepping in dinar fondos
vacancy and so forth so being able to
have those guys welcoming downloader
those guys are definitely helping us
give us a little bit more time to take
around take away those first options and
quarterback 22 laps taquitos
quarterbacks because they're loud while
the quarterbacks want to do a lot of
quick passes get the ball out of his
hands so we can't get back there and
they're allowing them to help us get
back to them and last question here
advice to a young defensive line because
no it changes so much do you think you
have a package like a bull rush you get
to college then it progresses in a
fairly progressive
what is the dhamma consumers things with
that 17-18 knows he will put his hand in
echo cub definitely create a movement
and something that you truly believe
that you can annoys be to God but with
every move there's a counter offer them
you got to learn that counter and for me
right now I'm gonna phone I don't have a
signature move and
and one the reason why I haven't seen
movies because I wanted to be a guy that
mean I believe in versatile be able to
use a lot of variety of moves in a lot
of different foods
that boys keeps an offensive lineman off
balance and that works for me may not
work for everybody else but it works for
me but you got to find what your niche
is and stick with it and continue to
work thanks guys